chore: add and configure mailhog for lando (#125)
MESH-Research/CCR: docs/contributing/testing.md

The [Majestic](https://github.com/Raathigesh/majestic) GUI for Jest is a useful tool for running unit tests in a browser and watching code and tests for changes.  You can add the following config to your `.lando.local.yml` file to enable a container for Majestic.

::: warning Heads Up
If you already have configuration `.lando.local.yml`, be sure to merge the services and proxy keys, or Lando will fail to rebuild/start.
:::

::: tip

> The lando extras tooling command can setup Majestic for you.  Run: `lando extras enable majestic`

Reviewer: noun should be a verb
```suggestion
The lando extras tooling command can set up Majestic for you.  Run: `lando extras enable majestic`
```

::: tip
These instructions focus on installing Cypress under Lando.  Cypress can bit a bit of a resource hog and, as such, might be better run directly in your host environment.

> Also you can use Lando Extras to setup this configuration for you.  Run: `lando extras enable cypress`

Reviewer: noun should be a verb
```suggestion
Also you can use Lando Extras to set up this configuration for you.  Run: `lando extras enable cypress`
```
